what makes someone go from mild-mannered
office worker to
unhinged bloodthirsty slayer of man all
you need is to be locked in the building
with a bomb in your head that will go
off if you don't kill everyone you know
but if everyone you've worked with is
also about the kill how do you survive
this is why you want to survive the
bellco experiment
we start off in bogota colombia at the
gate of belco industries
we meet some of the employees inside the
building wendell is creeping out his
spicy co-worker
leandra gets cop making out with mike
and marty smoking up in the toilet
on the surface everything seems pretty
normal but the details
are concerning somewhere a group of
people are secretly watching
all the bellco employees already
something feels off about this whole
situation
the building is really far from any main
roads or towns and the security team
turn away all the locals working there
and no one
seems to know what's going on or why to
be fair bokuta has a history of being
one of the most
dangerous cities in the world so while
it might be alarming
i wouldn't be too surprised but i would
definitely try to find out the name of
the security company
these guys have no badges from the
military or the police
so who are they you need answers so
until they tell you
cancel the workday and demand to know
what is going on
one of the employees mike spots one of
the guards heading into a nearby hangar
it talks to security to find out who
these guys are evan
doesn't know they just showed up one day
after a company-wide email from
corporate
that's when an announcement comes on the
pa
[Applause]
please stop and lend me your full
attention murder any two of your fellow
employees within the next half hour
but if there are not two dead bodies in
the building within 30 minutes
you will face repercussions no one knows
what's going on
and are either laughing or shrugging it
off which i wouldn't do because that's
stupid
whether this is true or false you should
be preparing for both outcomes
someone has hacked the pa system of a
government-funded building
cut the office landlines and threatened
the employees there
no one here is proactively figuring out
how to kill two people
and more than likely you wouldn't be
either it might be natural to figure out
who has sent the message
and why but it's not going to help you
are safest
in assuming that this is real and get
out of the building
but that's not your first instinct and
that's exactly why you wouldn't survive
this
suddenly the building gets locked down
from the outside by these thick
metal sheets boarding up the windows and
blocking the entryway in the lobby
jamming any signals from getting out
wi-fi mobile or otherwise
in a panic everyone in the building
heads the ground floor
to try and get out but they're locked in
barry
the ceo gets everyone to calm down
explaining that he thinks the building
was hacked i would always advise
stepping up as a leader
because there are a lot of perks leaders
can choose who lives and dies
they also aren't likely to be sacrificed
because people see them as valuable to
the group
and they get people to carry out their
plants either for getting help
escaping or sacrificing someone trying
to get out
lonnie and bud at the two maidens men
try to burn through the barricade
using a blowtorch but it doesn't work
the metal
doesn't even heat up at all it seems
pretty clear that this is more than just
a hack
or at least that's what mike tells barry
the barricades look like they were meant
to keep people
inside and it can't be a coincidence
that there are new guards today who go
inside the hangar nearby some employees
decide to go up to the roof where they
not only
can't get any reception but run into
marty and chet
two stoners who are of no help to anyone
one of the tech guys tries to get the
attention of the guard down below
who completely ignores them drinking his
tea
like a prick marty thinks this is just a
test
and doesn't take it seriously until
someone's head
explodes the workers think it might be a
shooting and begin to run
but looking at the ones closely their
heads exploded
from the inside out mike suddenly
realizes why the locals were turned away
and the reason the workers died it's due
to the tracers that they all got when
they began working for bellco
and the locals don't have them as vince
tells danny earlier in the film
these are surgically implanted into all
new bellco employees
for security reasons but it seems pretty
sketchy to me
if any employer wanted me to put a chip
in my head
like an animal i'm out of there most
real-life companies
that put rfid chips into their employees
put it
in their hands as soon as people's heads
start exploding
you have a hundred percent confirmation
that this is real
you must start killing asap grab a
weapon immediately
there are knives and rolling pins in the
kitchen fire extinguishers throughout
the building
and wrenches and hammers in the basement
most people would go for the knife
but knives have a short range and
require a higher level of skill as
opposed to swinging a hammer or a wrench
mike runs the bathroom and desperately
cuts his head to take out the chip
but the voice gives him 10 seconds to
stop what he's doing
michael meltz shut down the knife
immediately or we will detonate the
explosive
he runs out of time and always stops at
the last
second it's a good idea in theory that
has a lot of problems
in practice regardless if you did or did
not have help
it's not like that you would know where
to begin cutting the neck is a vital
body part that shouldn't be messed with
there are nerves tendons and arteries
that have cut can fatally hurt any joe
schmoe trying to play doctor
terry and vince find hidden cameras
around the office and are told by the
voice that they need to stop messing
with them
barry asks evan the guard for the keys
to the armory who tells him no
even when barry pulls the i'm your boss
you will obey card
evan counters with a nope i quit keeping
the case of the armory to himself
the voice comes back to tell everyone
there are currently
76 of you left in the building in two
hours
if 30 of you are not dead we will end 60
of your lives through our own methods
begin it's utter chaos some people go to
grab
weapons like wendell while others go
looking for a place to hide
now credit where credit is due grabbing
actual weapons early gives a starting
bonus to this whole thing
knives rolling pins fire axes pens
scissors
broomsticks coffee mugs if not the kill
then at least for self-defense in case
things get dicey
on the other hand hiding is the best way
to protect yourself without resorting to
violence
personally i would hide in vince's
office because it's the only room in the
building
that isn't surrounded by glass walls
otherwise
i would look for any ventilation shafts
that i could hide it
marty pulls the fire alarm and everybody
is freaking
out pulling the fire alarm to get help
is a smart thing to try
but bellco's alarm is on a closed system
it's not connected to the fire
department
so no call would go through making this
completely pointless the maintenance men
go to the basement to fix the air con
and lonnie is losing it even when bud
tries to calm
him down lonnie lashes out and kills bud
whacking his head in with a wrench
should have brought that arrow yondu
killing people is a necessary evil to
survive
dany quickly learns this as she's
attacked by lonnie but she manages to
kill him
pushing him into these three spikes
jutting out of the wall
i don't see this happening she's a lot
smaller than he is
and would get easily overpowered by him
even if she ran
he'd catch up to her because on average
men are stronger and faster than women
she wouldn't survive this and most
likely neither would you
at the same time the employees upstairs
are having their own differences
on one side there's mike saying no one's
got to kill nobody and the other
is barry who's very clearly on the side
of killing people
already it's clear to everyone that
barry is a little bloodthirsty in
planning to get the guns from the armory
we can use that to our advantage by
preparing our own team of defenders
when they realize that this guy is going
to kill us they're going to fight to
survive
our crew is going to lose more guys but
bearing the boys are going down too
mike and leandra notice the blow torch
in the lobby is missing
they find it's being used by berry's
crew to open up the armory lock
mike thinks this is a bad idea so
everyone be a lot safer
where they can't get the guns so evan
takes out his gun
and demands they stop only putting the
pistol away once mike gets him to calm
down
and takes it from him shooting the gun
to break the hose
of the blowtorch what mike did was kind
of stupid it only made it clear to barry
that mike is an enemy
and now first on his kill list he could
have used the situation to his advantage
by not interfering and letting things
play out
evan probably would have shot them if
they didn't stop blowtorching the lock
which means you only have one maniac of
a gun instead of three
but if you were dead set on interfering
there are two things you could do
the first will be getting rid of the
keys to the armory and throwing them off
the roof of the building
where no one is going to get them the
other option is to join up
and offer the help telling them that you
had a change of heart
and agree with their plan we not only
gain trust with barry's crew
but we also get protection from the most
dangerous people in the building
and if things go south they'll be a lot
easier to kill if they trust you
mike and his co-workers try to hang up
banners but the guards down below start
shooting at them
the second time they try to hang up a
banner one of the guys gets shot
in the voice announces that they must
stop or else
they'll die that's another failed
solution which
really wasn't thought out they hung the
message in plain view of the very people
that can kill them if hate banners was
actually a winning strategy
we should hang it from the other side of
the building
a better solution is to grab a bunch of
stuff and make a bonfire out of it
the guards wouldn't be able to put it
out and it would be clearly seen by
anyone
from much further away once the fire is
big enough it would be impossible to put
out
even if the voice asked us to barry and
his crew ambushed them in the stairwell
knocking mike out
killing evan and taking leandra along
with the keys to the armory where inside
are enough guns and ammo
for all five of them locked and loaded
they round up all the employees in the
building
taking them down to the lobby and start
sorting them into groups
sparing those of children and
sacrificing those over the age of 60
but barry realizes that there aren't
enough old people to make the 30 kill
quota
so he starts adding people randomly
including leandra mike
i would still be working with barry here
because there is no chance
we'd be sacrificed to gain trust i would
go full machiavelli here and suggest
choosing anyone who had a disability who
were bad employees
or the entire human resources department
don't worry
they had to come they line up everyone
to execute them but they don't realize
that someone is missing hiding in the
basement
danny has a plan just as bike is about
to be killed
danny reaches the breaker box and shuts
down all the lights
people immediately begin running out of
there the gunman spread throughout the
building but then the tables turn
keith gets killed trying to turn the
power back on benjamin gets taken down
by mike and this woman
and leandra removes the blade from the
paper cutter and takes off her shoes
putting them at one desk while she hides
behind another one
when terry comes in he gets distracted
by the shoes giving her enough time
to cut his hand i would have killed
terry because not only did he try to
kill me
this has the added benefit of bringing
us closer to the 30 person kill count
now a word of advice to any ladies out
there take
off your heels unless you're a lady from
jurassic world
you're not going to be able to run
around with these they are also very
loud and moving quietly is a good
advantage to have in this situation
the voice suddenly makes another
announcement you've come up one body
short
we're sorry to inform you that 31
additional employees
will now be eliminated barry
is a little upset as all his hard work
gets flushed down the drain
people's heads begin exploding
everywhere and with the dust
finally settles the rules suddenly
change
in one hour whoever has killed the most
people will be allowed to live
the current tally is as follows barry
norris
11 kills wendell dukes seven kills
vincent agustino one kill daniel wilkins
one kill hiding may have gotten us this
far but now we'll only get you killed
now is the time to be hunting people
down shooting or hacking whoever we can
find
when killing means surviving no one can
be trusted
so i would refuse to team up with anyone
a strategy window uses
to butcher four people in a bathroom
stall while barry
goes up an elevator inside he begins
hearing noises
coming from above he fires through the
hatch
but danny stumbles off and falls into a
ledge
leaving behind roberto who gets crushed
to death by the ceiling
using an elevator is a gamble in this
situation there's nowhere to hide if
someone spots you and there are only
two exits with that said i would only
use it if i was hiding on top of the
elevator with a weapon
that way if someone came in i could drop
attack them like batman
making it easier to kill someone leandra
finds marty in chat
digging into the heads of the people who
were shot taking out
the unexploded tracers they plan on
using them to blow a hole through the
metal that blocks the lobby entrance
that's actually a pretty clever idea
leandra however
has a bad idea as she uses the pa system
to tell mike to meet her on the first
floor letting everyone know where she's
going to be
don't do this anyone in the building
knows where the pa room is
and can figure out where you are
something that is extremely dangerous
in a locked down building what you
should do is stay
out of sight and quietly kill as many
people as you can
like john mcclane leandra finds wendell
hacking away at someone's face with a
cleaver
they get into a shootout leaving them
both about any ammo ducking behind a
table she pushes
it as he kills the two stoners liandra
barely manages to pin him and hacks away
at his face with an
axe there's a lot of ways that this
could go wrong for her
she's too light to pin him down and an
axe swing has a long wind up
so he should be able to get out from
under her and take control of the
situation
mike meets leandra downstairs where she
gives in the bombs
just as vince comes in and flings a
whole bunch of molotov cocktails at them
burning another co-worker to death
molotov cocktails are simple to make
and super deadly but throwing them in an
open space
isn't very effective i would have chased
them into the stairwell where there's
less space to dodge them
leandro might go up the stairs to get
away but run into barry who shoots at
them
they double back as barry kills vince
and then
kills dany mike hides inside a locker
with leandra who dies from bleeding out
as barry emerges mike sprints out of the
locker and lunges at barry
but it's clear that he's outmatched
brute force won't work here
so mike needs to fight smart
barry has more experience more training
and
a gun so it's best to wait for barry to
get distracted
get into his blind spot and attack from
behind if it comes to a fist fight
this is a fight that you're not likely
to survive barry has combat experience
while mike doesn't and is physically
weaker pure luck is the only reason
why mike got out of here alive finding a
tape dispenser conveniently within reach
is incredibly unlikely which mike uses
to smash his boss's face open
it only takes a few blows but barry dies
and mike
is dragged out of the building as the
voice congratulates him on his victory
he's taken to this nearby hangar where
he finally gets to meet the man behind
the voice
this quasimodo looking guy tells him
that this was all part of an
international social experiment mike
is fed up with this and drops a bomb on
the voice
he slipped a few tracers in the pockets
of the two guards
in the voice himself mike bolts with the
switchboard
and starts flipping switches honestly
this is the best and smartest play in
the whole movie but
you would definitely not survive those
trigger-heavy soldiers would riddle you
with bullets as soon as you ran over
there
leaving you dead on the floor walking
out of the hangar
mike is now free or is he he's still
being watched by another set of cameras
along with tons of others who are all
being monitored from the same room
the feeds come from different bellco
locations around the world as a
computerized voice announces
and stage one commencing stage two
mike and the other winners need to think
really hard on what to do next
because now anything can happen there
you have it
everything you need to know to beat the
bellco experiment but if you want more
videos like this
check out the how to be playlist up on
the channel right now with that said
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe to see more videos
like this
until next time have a damn good day